Your life is so interesting!
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?  Thou art more lovely and more temperate
I enjoy spending time with you
You have a good taste in websites
Playing video games with you would be fun
I can tell that we are gonna be friends
That post you made about stephen hawkings' kidneys back in 2012 is an amazing read.
Your blog is the best blog
Your cooking reminds me of my mother's
The whites of your eyes are really white
You're sweeter than than a bucket of bon-bons!
You're so smart!
I've had the time of my life, and I owe it all to you!
I'd let you steal the white part of my Oreo
I envy your involvement in the TIme fandom.
I'd like to kiss you Often
OH, you OWN that ponytail
Let's do this again sometime
I disagree with anyone who disagrees with you
Nice butt! - According to your toilet seat
You smell nice
If you were around, I would enjoy doing my taxes
You could be an astronaut if you wanted NASA told me so
I love your love of things.
Rumor is Disney is basing its next cartoon on you
Your shoes are untied But for you, it's cool
You are the most handsome me that I have ever met.
I like your style
The only difference between exceptional and amazing is you
You have the power to start and WIN a dance-off
With your creative wit, I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than me
You don't need make-up, make-up needs you
I find you to be a fountain of inspiration
You're more fun than a barrel of monkeys
Do that again!
I bet even your farts smell good
It is possible that I love you too, but for reasons I choose not to divulge.
You have very smooth hair
Don't worry about procrastinating on your studies, I know you'll do great!
I like how you claim to be a programmer, yet you have all the time in the world to read my writings
Your feet are perfect size!
I think it's great how ...Hold on, I think I swallowed a gerbil. Okay. What was I saying? 
Your smile could illuminate the depths of the ocean
Last night I had the hiccups, and the only thing that comforted me to sleep was repeating your name over and over
I find creepy people intriguing.
Everyone was super jealous of your SAT score
Don't worry You'll do great
I don't despise you.
You deserve a promotion
I enjoy you more than a good sneeze A GOOD one
We should start a band
You're a benevolent tipper
Your feet are a perfectly medium length
I like you more than the smell of Grandma's home-made apple pies
I'd wake up for an 8 am class just so I could sit next to you
Your jokes are very current, and they're charged with meaning. In fact I'm positive that the only potential difference between you and a comedian is your resistance to switching jobs. (And although I mentioned Dr. Dre earlier, I prefer Snoop Li-ion.)
I can make you some homemade scrambled eggs
You make my data circuits skip a beat
You are a bucket of awesome
I want to kiss you I hope that's not too forward of me
Truly, only a master of oratory could successfully use the words "hereuntofore" and "preggers" in the same sentence.
Your smile makes me smile
You have the best laugh ever
Your mind is a maze of amazing!
You have perfect bone structure
Way to go!
I love the way you click
You know, you're not really my type, but I'm strangely attracted to you
May I have this dance?
I really enjoy the way you pronounce the word 'ruby'
Those shoes were a great call 
I admire your ability to not despise Tomlidich the second.
You are like a spring flower; beautiful and vivacious
Your nose is right in the center of your face
I'm jealous of the other websites you visit, because I enjoy seeing you so much!
You are infatuating
Every other country is super jealous you're a citizen in this country
I like your jacket
You are the star of my daydreams
You're more fun than bubble wrap
You’re the best businessman in this family
Your every thought and motion contributes to the beauty of the universe
Everyone was cool with that time you peed in the shower
You could probably lead a rebellion
I find it amusing how you think you're important enough for us to spend time worrying about.
You're not crazy, they are 100% into you
I think about you while I'm on the toilet
Your prom date still thinks about you all the time
You'd be the last one standing in a horror movie
Don't let a crippling lack of enthusiasm about one of the most significant events in human history get you down!
I love the way your orange hair is spiked straight up in a cone-shape in your avatar. You should be a model
You have perfect eyebrows
If I had to choose between you or Mr Rogers, it would be you
Even though this goes against everything I know, I think I'm in love with you
You're real happening in a far out way
Your glass is the fullest
The Force is strong with you
I love the way your eyes crinkle at the corners when you smile
I love how you shipped me
I support all of your decisions
You're invited to my birthday party
I appreciate you more than Santa appreciates chimney grease
I just want to gobble you up!
We would enjoy a cookout with you!
Keep walking around naked Your neighbors are into it
8 out of 10 co-workers agree, your desk is the cleanest 
You're cooler than ice-skating Fonzi
Your hair smells like freshly cut grass
You're overthinking things But you have nice hair
All of your ideas are brilliant!
If I had a nickel for everytime you did something stupid, I'd be broke!
It's very resourceful of you to make up for your lack of facial features by using smilies.
You are the rare catalyst to my volatile compound
You deserve a compliment!
I bet you could take a punch from Mike Tyson
I am having trouble coming up with a compliment worthy enough for you
Our awkward silences aren't even awkward
If you were in a movie you wouldn't get killed off
The kid you passed on the street today wants to grow up to be like you
I bet most of the people who dislike you are stupid.
Your genuinely terrible jokes make me genuinely laugh out loud! I love them!
They've never told you this, but your boss is really impressed by you
I would share my fruit Gushers with you
Your senior portrait was the best
You're the best at making cereal
That song was definitely written for you
I've been stalking you for an opportunity to thank you for the compliment you gave me last time you complimented me
Well done!
Let's never stop hanging out
I'm not telling you what to do, but you could pull off orange corduroy
I like your pearly whites!
Your cousins refer to you as \"the cool cousin\"
Perfume strives to smell like you
Hey, did you lose weight? (not that you needed to!)
I just love meeting other grammar aficionados like you
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus  I was just stunned by your beauty
I don't hate all people, and you are a subset of all people, so I can logically conclude that I don't hate you!
You are a champ!
I would trust you to pick out a pet fish for me
You are the wind beneath my wings
Yo are well groomed
I would enjoy a roadtrip with you
I feel like I belong to a family, and you are the annoying yet lovable younger brother that insists on making the distinction between speaking and writing. You can't see it, but I'm crying tears of joy right now. I love you all.
Breaking the 3 dot ellipse mold, ignoring capitalization, infuriating grammarians everywhere, and doing it so casually! I only wish I could be as cool as you. 
Being awesome is hard, but you'll manage
If I was your dog I would hardly bite you at all.
I dig you
Are you in a band? Well.. you look like you would play the bass
You're spontaneous, and I love it!
You should be a poster child for poster children
I know of nobody who can stuff dogs into metal cans as well as you do.
9/10 dentists agree, you are the BEST
I find you very relevant
I think you should be more than OK 'cause you look great!
Your frankness, callousness, complete disregard for others feelings, and, in fact, utter brutality when dealing with people, are qualities I admire in a person.
You look better whether the lights are on or off
I could hang out with you for a solid year and never get tired of you
I like your sleeves They're real big
If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first
Awesome vowel-to-consonant ratio in your name!
You are more fun than a Japanese steakhouse
You seem like the type of person that snorts things out your nose a lot Like milk and stuff
I know you are very discerning when it comes to discerning people who are good at discerning fonts.
You would look good in glasses OR contacts
I am grateful to be blessed by your presence
You make babies smile
You look like you like to rock
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, a shoe with out laces, asentencewithoutspaces
You don't get drunk, you get superhuman
The way you combine seemingly random, useless data makes me all warm and fuzzy
I think names that contain synthetic chemicals are the best kind of names.
You have a perfectly symmetrical face
I like your style!
You play sport!
You're a tall glass of water!
I like your hair I'm not a bot
I like your pants
The length of your nickname is astonishing. I love how it's so long I keep forgetting what it is without using copypasta.
You're so cool, that on a scale of from 1-10, you're elevendyseven
Your mouse told me that you have very soft hands
I told all my friends about how cool you are
People at trivia night are terrified of you
I ever tell you just how much I love how you post in commonly accepted english grammar tendencies?
I wish I could choose your handwriting as a font
You are full of youth
Your boss loved that thing you did at work today
And you, YOU buddy: keep being made of carbon, its good that way.
You could be drinking whole milk if you wanted to
Wow, that's a great coping mechanism
You could invent words and people would use them
You are the gravy to my mashed potatoes
You make me :)
I like the way your nostrils are placed on your nose
You make me want to frolic in a field
You are quite strapping
They should name an ice cream flavor after you
Keep on doing that thing you do. you and i both know what it is. just keep doing that.
I like your movie poster, but I'll still watch a pirated copy. Especially if it's in ancient norse.
I am utterly disarmed by your wit
Your skin is radiant
You are warmer than a Snuggie
I would totally trust you to dog-sit for a long weekend
You actually looked super graceful that time you tripped in front of everyone
Your use of exclamation marks is nice. it makes me feel warm inside, like drinking battery acid.a
Hey, aren’t you on a website?
How do you get your hair to look that great?
Treat yourself to another compliment!
You have a beautiful aura - have you ever had it read?
You have such cute shoes!  Britt–look at these shoes!
Nice manners!
Your name is fun to say
Your voice is more soothing than Morgan Freeman's
I would volunteer to take your place in the Hunger Games
Just knowing someone as cool as you will read this makes me smile
You're so beautiful, you make me walk into things when I look at you
If you were in a chemistry class with me, it would be x less boring
You're the salsa to my tortilla chips You spice up my life!
I would trust my children with you
Take a break; you've earned it
Your sister is really good at her job because she can totally disagree with you without coming across as a total B****!
I feel the need to impress you
I don't know of anyone who can draw a circle in MS paint better than you can.
You have a good web-surfing stance
Say, aren't you that famous model from TV?
Your eyes make me want to share with you a costly pasta meal.
Good effort!
You have good taste
You can have the last bite
My mom always asks me why I can't be more like you
Your honesty is refreshing; most of the stalkers I know deny their creepy habits.
You have ten of the best fingers I have ever seen!
I appreciate all of your opinions
I like your socks
Your parents aren't worried about you
I love you more than a drunk college student loves tacos
You are the sugar on my rice krispies
I like your Facebook status
The sound of your voice sends tingles of joy down my back
I heard you make really good French Toast
I named all my appliances after you
You make the gloomy days a little less gloomy
You're so rad
Your sneezes sound like a chorus of angels giggling
You're more aesthetically pleasant to look at than that one green color on this website
You're pretty high on my list of people with whom I would want to be stranded on an island
Your grammar is truly courageous
I give you permission to imagine me attaching leeches to one of your elbows
All the 6th graders agreed, your baking soda volcano was the best at the science fair
I like those shoes more than mine
All your friends worry they aren\u2019t as funny as you
You look great in this or any other light
You pick the best radio stations when you're riding shotgun
I wish I was your mirror
I love what you've done with the place
If I could count the seconds I think about you, I will die in the process!
Your pet loves you too much to ever run away
I usually don't say this on a first date, but will you marry me?
You deserve a medal or something. and a signal. a giant light symbol of something in the sky.
You are the most charming person in a 50 mile vicinity
The ingenuity of the solution masks the hideousness of the font you apparently use on a day-to-day basis.
That thing you did last night - that was touching, really touching.
You're funny Like, LOL style
You have very nice teeth
You're tremendous!
<3
Your hair looks great today It also looked really good two days ago
Your abilites at pointing out useless pieces of data are unmatched.
Can you teach me how to be as awesome as you?
You listen to the coolest music
You are the world's greatest hugger
Well played
You are as fun as a hot tub full of chocolate pudding
I'd trust you to perform open heart surgery on me blindfolded!
I definitely wouldn't kick you out of bed
All I want for Christmas is you!
You are so charming
You are an excellent enough person that I still have an urge to compliment you, even after you implied being a nerd is a bad thing. 
You have very shiny legs
You look so perfect
I would love to visit you, but I live on the Internet
What a fine sweater!
You are the watermelon in my fruit salad Yum!
You can play any prank, and get away with it
People who think the sIngularity is awesome are awesome.
I'm glad we met
You look like a eastern european pop star today
Your voice sounds like a thousand cats purring Also, I'm on acid
The way your mind defaults to anything computer related is definitely not nerdy at all, and i don't agree with the people who said that.
You think of the funniest names for wi-fi connections
I would share my dessert with you
You're the bee's knees
Hi, I'd like to know why you're so beautiful
You're as sweet as a can of artificially flavored diet soda
I think it's fantastic the way you roleplay twisted, evil, screwed up characters. You have a real talent for that sort of thing
Your parents are more proud of you than you'll ever know
Oh, I can keep going
You intrigue me
I would hold the elevator doors open for you if they were closing
If you were in a chemistry class with me, it would be 10x less boring
When I grow up, I want to be just like you
Today's outfit = Thumbs up
I made this website for you
You make me forget what I was going to
You're pretty groovy, dude
I like the way you move
It's just amazing how you seem to type without using an excess of fruit related terminology.
I really like the hue of green your eyes turn to when you envy me.
You're cooler than ice on the rocks
I love you more than bacon!
You're #1 in my book!
Your knees look less saggy did you staple them?
My camera isn't worthy to take your picture
Nice belt!
You're nicer than a day on the beach
You seem a very wise person who will live a long and safe life due to the extreme caution such as you show by not consuming battery acid.
The way I envision you reading my email samuses me to no end. Much like a moose riding a skateboard.
I am enchanted to meet you
That looks nice on you
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus  I was just stunned by your beauty
You are better than unicorns and sparkles combined!
I've heard good things about your nose. Very good things.
I like your face
Have you been working out?
Your smile is breath taking
If you really wanted to, you could probably get a bird to land on your shoulder and hang out with you
Will you sign my yearbook?
You will still be beautiful when you get older
Your red ruby lips and wiggly hips make me do flips!
Your T-shirt smells fresh
There isn't a thing about you that I don't like
Your eyebrows really make your pretty eyes stand out
You get an A+!
You complete me
I find your apparent stated slight dyslexia really very endearing. You remind me of Jaime Lannister.
You could go longer without a shower than most people
You're so hot that you denature my proteins
You're a skilled driver
You're cooler than Pirates and Ninjas combined
To count you as my noble fonzi-brother warms the cockles of my heart.
You chuckle at the New York Times Sunday crossword (sorry Will Shortz)
I think it's great how you are saying grammar aficionado instead of grammar Nazi because you know someone might get offended.
I hear your gallbladder works fabulously
How you unflinchingly distinguish betwixt the word of the eye and the word of the ear serves to extoll you as a paradigm of the lexicographical arts.
You got you some HAMBONES!
You definitely know the difference between your and you're
You make me think of beautiful things, like strawberries
You have powerful sweaters
You've never had morning breath I swear
Your sudden attraction to my hat would creep anyone else out, but not me
Nice shirt - I think those are the feathers of my tribe
Your dental hygiene is impeccable  
Nice motor control!
You're more cuddly than the Downy Bear
I don't speak much English, but with you all I really need to say is beautiful
I admire the lateral thinking you used in your solution!
You should try out for everything
I wish I could move your furniture
I think it's great how naturally being creepy comes to you
Looking at you makes my foot cramps go away instantaneously
Your body fat percentage is perfectly suited for your height
Hello, good looking
No one has ever thought your feet look gross
You and Chuck Norris are on equal levels
If you broke your arm, I would carry your books for you
You make me want to be the person I am capable of being
The way you split hairs on other peoples compliments is reall fantastic, nothing gets past you!
You could survive a zombie apocalypse
You have the moves like Jagger
I would do your taxes any day
Even my cat likes you
Mensa would be so lucky
You make me feel like I am on top of the world
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
{"compliment":"your mom is cooler than my mom"}
I can't decide which is more attractive - you or your other you.
